Royals visiting the Indians James
Shields getting those Stormfur Casey
comes into the night twenty eight
strikeouts away from 1500 for his career
trying to make a dent into that number
on Tuesday will pick it up top for
Cleveland up 1-nothing Mike Moustakas at
the dish with two on and two out against
Danny Salazar we stock a steady dulcet
to right and deep and it is God a
three-run home run for moose third of
the season for Moustakas Kansas City up
through 21 top four with two outs and a
man on third girod dyson bunting he
drops it down the first base line shows
off the wheels beats it out it's a bunt
RBI single for Dyson Kansas City up for
21 top five a man on second for Billy
Butler and he gives one a ride to deep
center field Michael Bourn tracking it
down leaping at the wall but it's off
his glove he can't hang on and it's an
RBI double for Butler his second double
of the season Kansas City up 51 as you
see it again born just unable to make
the terrific catch out there in center
so plenty of run support for James
Shields and he was cruising bona fide he
strikes out Michael Bourn swinging two
batters later Jason Kipnis down looking
then Carlos Santana goes down swinging
shield strikes out the side then in the
bottom of the six there's a 5-2 game
after a Yan Gomes double bug shield
strikes out Lonnie Chisenhall to end the
six shield struck out the side and that
inning as well top nine it's a 62 game
Alex Gordon trying to pour it on for
Kansas City he's up with two on and no
one out against Scott Atchison and Alex
sends a bolt in the alley right center
Hosmer will score Maxwell on his heels
he'll come home and the Royals score two
more to take an 82 to leave and 82 would
be the final score as the Royals get the
W shields is printed with the win he now
has 21 strikeouts in his last two
outings that's the most by a royals
pitcher sins a cranky struck out 23 on
August nineteenth and twenty-fifth of
2009 Eric Hosmer finishes for 45 with a
double and RBI and three runs scored for
Casey
you